docs: update auth guides (#18541)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/auth/auth-magic-link.mdx

export const meta = {
  id: 'auth-magic-link',
  title: 'Login With Magic Link',
  description: 'Use Supabase to authenticate your users using magic links.',
}

Magic links are a form of passwordless logins where users click on a link sent to their email address to log in to their accounts. Magic links only work with email addresses and are one-time use only. By default, a user can only request a magic link once every 60 seconds and they expire after 24 hours.

Set up Magic Link logins for your Supabase application.

- Enable the email provider in your [Supabase Project](/dashboard/project/_/auth/providers)
- Configure the Site URL and any additional redirect URLs in the [authentication management tab](/dashboard/project/_/auth/url-configuration).
- The Site URL represents the default URL that the user will be redirected to after clicking on the email signup confirmation link.
- If a user has not signed up yet, signing in with a magic link will automatically sign up the user. To prevent users from signing up through magic links, you can set the `shouldCreateUser` option to `false`.

## Sign in with magic link

<Admonition type="caution">

> When making use of Magic Links with [the PKCE Flow](/blog/supabase-auth-sso-pkce#introducing-pkce) do bear in mind that links can only be used in the same browser that they are sent from. Consequently, a magic link sent from Chrome on Desktop will be invalid if used on a Mobile Device.

Reviewer: Would it be possible to explain the reason behind this? Something like:

```suggestion
When using Magic Links in [the PKCE Flow](/blog/supabase-auth-sso-pkce#introducing-pkce), keep in mind that links can only be opened from the same browser that they are sent from (as defined in the PKCE spec). Consequently, a magic link sent from Chrome on Desktop will be invalid if used on a Mobile Device.
```

 I can see a lot of users getting frustrated as to why we would do this when (I assume) its part of the PKCE spec.

Author: yeah we should have a separate page to explain what PKCE is instead of linking the blogpost, will add it in a FLUP PR
